[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/tracking-sample.md

# Tracking Sample
The Tracking User Interface sample shows how to create a [!INCLUDE[btsDotNet](../../includes/btsdotnet-md.md)]-based Web application to display the current status of messages and processes in Microsoft [!INCLUDE[BTARN_CurrentVersion_FirstRef](../../includes/btarn-currentversion-firstref-md.md)]. The application presents the user with a form that contains several search criteria. When the user performs a search, the Tracking sample generates a detailed list showing the messages and processes in [!INCLUDE[btaBTARN3.3abbrevnonumber](../../includes/btabtarn3-3abbrevnonumber-md.md)] that fit those criteria.

>  This sample is available as a download from the Microsoft [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] Web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This sample is available as a download from the Microsoft website [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)].
```

> ## See Also
>  [Messaging Samples](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/messaging-samples.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## See Also
[Messaging Samples](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/messaging-samples.md)
```
